The elderly couple posted many beautiful wedding photos
Sweet love envies others
An's Group and You's Group join forces
The old couple is in harmony
Husband sings and women follow
invincible
Dad, look
This An Jinyan turned out to be the president of An's
I underestimated him.
Xiaorou, his name is An Jinyan
It's the wife of You Mingxuan, the president of An's Group
It's too much like Xiaorou. Who is Xiaorou?
Before I married your mother?
There was a marriage
Xiaorou is my ex-wife
Xiner!
This An Jinyan
Have you investigated?
From a small town
Mom died when I was 5
Dad is missing too
Yanyun Xiaocheng
Yes, it's a small city
So if I'm right
That's my daughter.
Your sister Liu Jinyan is my sister
Yeah, haha.
Hey
Is it a thing?
You are I am your father
When I was little
You like to be on your dad's shoulders
Let daddy take you to the mountains to play
No way my dad died 20 years ago
You can't be my dad